Update Index.rst (#1386)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/DataFormats/T3datastructure/SheetReferences/Index.rst

      </ROOT>
   </T3DataStructure>

> and the same for the other sheet <s_welcome>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the same for the other sheet :file:`welcome_sheet.xml`.
```
